NOTE: I know this video is running super fast, but 10 minutes is all I have. So, please use the Play/Pause button to be able to read the titles, prices and description correctly. 

HELLO THERE! ... The web site you see in this video is not mine, it belongs to a private company, a company which is contacted everyday by hundreds and hundreds of manufacturers, and department stores from all over the U.S. and from a few countries around the world, and that's to help them to sell "item by item" their overstocked merchandise. 

ALSO, it's the place where DAILY (including TODAY) hundreds, thousands, to be exact at least 35,000 eBay Powersellers and Full Time Internet Sellers (retailers) will go to this place to purchase their merchandise. 

Ok, believe it or not, but I've been eBaying since 1999, and during all these years I've visited thousands, if not "millions" of web sites on the Internet, but you know what, there's no Internet site like this secret place, NO WAY!!! 

The web site I'm going to show you looks horrible, it's a complete mess, it has no colors, animations or java presentation of any kind, simply a disaster, but that's not all, they even have typo errors all over the place, but you know what, NOBODY CARES!! NOBODY PAYS ATTENTION TO IT!!! And you know why? Because the stuff they sell is just amazing, and their prices FORGET ABOUT IT! If you enter this web place right now, believe me, their products and prices will leave you breathless, will leave you almost in shock, that's why nobody cares about their ugly appearance, NOBODY! On this web site, you will only see links, links and more links, a few pics of the products they are selling, a short description of the item, and the order page, that's it. If you like what you see and the price, then you buy, if you don't buy, BELIEVE ME somebody will, and they will do it in a blink of an eye. 

Now, to buy from them is really easy, all you have to do is locate the item you like, then choose the number of pieces you want, then submit your credit card or PayPal information, and then click the submit button, that's it! That's all you have to do to place an order with them!! 

Believe it or not, but this company is being here since the firsts days of eBay (that's over 8 years) and they still remain in complete secret to the general population, you know why? Because they advertise nowhere, and the people who knows about them simply WON'T EVER TELL YOU! But, I WILL, and I will do that for one simple reason, because now I am in the Software business, now I have my own Software products, that's why! Otherwise, I wouldn't ever, EVER reveal it to you, nor to my friends, not even to members of my family. Not for $500, not for $1,000 or $2,000, not even for $5,000 dollars, why? Because with this info-secret I can make $5,000 dollars in profits (easily) in less than 15 days, that's why! 

This company sell products from A to Z, but their specialty is Jewelry. From 22 inches neck chains made of solid gold, to silver bracelets and toe rings with genuine stones, they have EVERYTHING! The difference between this unique place and the thousands it exist on the market is, they sell their products DIRECTLY TO YOU, from their warehouse directly to your home! NO MIDDLE MAN HERE!! All you need is to have a Credit Card or PayPal account to pay with, that's it! With them you do not, I repeat, you DO NOT need to buy in bulk to obtain the low prices they show on their web site, NO! NOO!! NOOO!!! You can buy from 1 item, up to a dozen, or 1 hundred, or even 1 thousand, that's up to you and your budget. Once your order is placed (Online or by phone) you can expect to receive your goods within 24 hours, or within 3-7 business days, depending of the type of delivery you choose. 

NOW, if you become a member of this company (for a one time fee of $69 dollars) They will give you an EXTRA DISCOUNT OF 10% almost on EVERY SINGLE PRODUCT they sell on their web site. Plus, you will only pay a flat fee of $5.99 for shipping and handling REGARDLESS OF THE NUMBER OF ITEMS YOU ORDER, that's ridiculous! (..No Wonder More than 35,000 Thousand eBay Powersellers Love This Secret Place). 

Oh yes, they also offer drop shipping! So if you are thinking to buy, and then resell any of these items, what they do is keep "your" merchandise in their warehouse, then they will send it to your customer with your Personal or Business info on the package, so people will think the product is coming directly from you, but in reality is not, the item is coming directly from the warehouse of this company. And this service is offered at not extra charge. 

Now, If you are thinking to buy more than 2 or 3 items, then I suggest you to let them know, why? Because they offer better prices, and free stuff to people who purchase more than one item (..You like that DON'T YOU!) 

Now, before I leave, I want to give you a virtual tour of this web site, so you can see for yourself how it looks, and also have a better idea of the products they sell, ok? ..Sounds good to you? ..Yes? ..GOOD!!

Ok, if you access this place right at this moment, you will see everything you see in this video, and you can start buying immediately. You can buy any item you like, and as many as you want or need. Now, if at any moment you have a question regarding to product, no problem, you can speak live with a sales representative, right inside the web site. They will not only help you with your questions, but they also will tell you what are the hottest items, the new arrivals, and what people are buying.

Well my friend, it's time for me to leave you now, if you want to know the phone number of this company, the fax number, the mail address, and ofcourse the web site address, then Email me and I will reveal it to you for only $5 dollars!  

Thank you very much for your time! HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY!!!　

My Email is: MyFavoriteSupplier@gmail.com
　 　