sorry for the gay music, the original song was i tried so hard by Akon but youtube disabled it becuase of "copyright" issues.
Over 52 younsters murdered this year by knife and gun so far.

This Video is dedicated to all those whose lives have been taken so cruelly by guns and knives. i couldn't put all the teenagers who have been killed this way in the video and i haven't mentioned the adults who have died this year because my video would go on and on but this video is also dedicated to them aswell like  Steven Nyembo-Ya-Muteba, 40 who was stabbed to death after telling youths to move away from his flat in East London, Evren Ani, 23 who was also stabbed to death after he confronted youths who threw a chocolate wrapper into his car at traffic lights in South London and Magda Pniewska, 26 who was caught in the cross-fire of two gunmen in South London and was shot dead on Tuesday 2nd October. i have mentioned some of the teenagers murdered this year from January 1st to September 23rd.After this video more innocent people will lose thier lives due to guns and knives.
Those in my video include:
Steven boachie,
Christopher Davies,
Jevon Henry,
James Andre Smartt-Ford,
Javarie Crighton, 
Michael Dosunmu, 
Billy Cox,
Odwayne Barnes, 
Jason Spencer, 
Adam Regis,
Michael Metcalfe,
Kodjo Yenga, 
Paul Erhahon, 
kamilah peniston, 
Shane Jackson, 
Sam Brown,
Danielle Johnson,
Annaka Keniesha Pinto, 
Ben Hitchcock, 
Martin Dinnegan, 
Abdul Shahim,
Micheal Morgan,
Abukar Mahmud,
Samantha Madgin,
Nathan Foster,
Andrew Holland, 
Rhys Jones,
Matthew Cowell,
Mohammed Ahmed,
Sian Simpson, 
Darren Pyper, 
Ryan Hawkins,
Kally Gilligan, 
and Jesse James.

Over 52 youngsters all under the age of 20 have lost their lives so far this year by guns and knives. Those i haven't mentioned in the video who have died this year are:

Jethro Field, 6 stabbed to death. His   bloodstained body was found by his mother on Wednesday 4th April in Surrey.
Zuzanna Zommer, 14 stabbed to death in Leeds.
Dale Little,15 stabbed to death in Tottan Hants.
Mark Smith, 16 stabbed dead in Newcastle.
Jason Bird, 16 stabbed to death in Balornock, Glasgow.
Gary Mortan, 17 stabbed to death in Hamilton.
Zak Davis, 17 stabbed to death in Hampshire.
Dwayne Douglas, 18 stabbed to death in Thornton Heath, London. 
Lewis Singleton, 18 stabbed to death in Southampton.
Andrew Devlin, 18 shot dead in Paisley.
Jamie Ewart, 18 stabbed dead in Southhouse, Edinburgh.
Kristie Johnson, 19 stabbed to death in Rugerley, Staffs.
Edvin Johnson, 19 stabbed dead in East London.
Rizwan Darbar, 17 stabbed to death in East London on Sunday 7th October.
Philip Poru, 18 shot dead whilst he sat in a car in South-East London on Sunday 14th October.
Jonathan Matondo, 16 shot dead in the head in a park in Sheffield on Wednesday 17th October.

This video is also dedicated to Charlenne Ellis, 18 and letisha Shakespear, 17 who were shot dead in a drive by shooting in birmingham on January 2nd 2003 and Julian 'Buster' Knight, 16 who was brutally attacked and stabbed and bled to death in his mother's arms on 15 July 2006 in Thamesmead.

Knife and gun crime brutalises us all. A teenager listening to music on a park bench, fatally stabbed to death for his mobile, Another teenager ambushed, pinned and stabbed to death. This has become old news, something we expect all children to do to eachother. It is part of the British way of doing things. Something in our culture had broken. Now if you get mugged, get into an argument or tell youths to keep thier voice down, you are risking facing someone with a weapon. People now carry weapons for protection, to act hard and to prove a point because they can.

Too many people with too many knives. Too many guns and too little fear of being punished. Too many deaths for no reason at all. Look how little it takes for one teenager to sink a blade into the heart of another. It is turning into a massacre of our youngsters and we close our eyes to it. This has to stop or we will learn to live with it or DIE WITH IT!

Put down the guns and knives before another innocent life is stolen, Before another innocent child has fallen!


-----♥♥♥------Send this Ribbon 
----♥♥-♥♥----to everyone
---♥♥---♥♥--- for all the innocent 
---♥♥---♥♥---people killed for no reason 
---♥♥---♥♥---and together lets﻿ pray 
----♥♥-♥♥----all these stabbings and   
-----♥♥♥------and shootings stop
----♥♥-♥♥----Thank You 
---♥♥---♥♥--- x X X x