Hassell coined the term "Fourth World" to describe his musical style, as expressed both in his trumpet playing and in his approach to composition. This musical conception combines the philosophy and techniques of minimalism with Asian and African styles, and relies heavily on the use of electronic instruments. Critics of Hassell's style have noted its incorporation of New Age and world music styles, but have also detected the influence of Miles Davis, particularly Davis' use of electronics, modal harmony and understated lyricism.Both on record and during live performances, Hassell makes use of traditional western instruments--keyboards, bass, electric guitar, and percussion--to create modal, hypnotic grooves, over which he plays microtonally-inflected trumpet phrases in the style of Nath's kiranic vocals

808 state mix, latino mix, lp version, radio mix - rykodisc

1977 Vernal Equinox 
1978 Earthquake Island 
1981 Fourth World, Vol. 2: Dream Theory in Malaya 
1983 Aka/Darbari/Java: Magic Realism 
1986 Power Spot (produced by Brian Eno / Daniel Lanois) 
1987 The Surgeon of the Nightsky Restores Dead Things by the Power of Sound 
1988 Flash of the Spirit 
1990 City: Works of Fiction (All Saints Records) 
1994 Dressing for Pleasure 
1995 Sulla Strada (release of soundtrack from 1982) 
1998 The Vertical Collection 
1999 Fascinoma 
2005 Magic Realism, Vol. 2: Maarifa Street 

Video includes
Friends, family, giant surfing waves, fiat advert, church of scientology, mouflaf, tom cruise, south park, trapped in the closet, headless man, ron hubbard, man in a box, tsunami, stockholm, carniverous birds, simpsons fan, norwegian idol, an inverted spectrogram, xenu, a hidden fast fourier transform short-time, spectrometer, Nicholas Serota is not present, zx spectrum graphics card, a wavelet transformer which i got in spain, it's amongst the noise, the influence of Frank Zappa and his thing-fish, Louise Bourgeois, Juan Muñoz, Alan Partridge makes an appearance at 1m 34s from the Day Today with horse racing commentary, cloudy apple juice, an animated abortion to calm the nerves of the bible bashing right wing catholic christians with their self righteous ideas from an old book written by men who dress funny sponsored by Chris Morris founder leader of the Brasseye arts and crafts and model making association, Anish Kapoor, Olafur Eliasson for his non existent frown, the mothers of invention are not present anywhere here, conceptual continuity is not always present, The Weather Project are not there either, so that's good, Holger Czuckay for his moustache and accent, Bruce Nauman, Terence Harrisson, who i don't know but like very much for he must be somewhere tranquile, Rachel Whiteread i am not a fan of, the next video ought to be Steve Reich because I want to kill him and one must address a balance. He's as good as Philip Glass, if not, better. Who cares? It better be good this Reich video i may do unlike this excrement i push out with ease, putridness and little decorum. Natural process. Thank god i'm off the drugs. One must not take themselves too seriously.
----- The other sound clips are mostly from Frank Zappa's "thing fish" triple album. I wish thing-fish had truly become a bizarre broadway musical. Love the "mammy nuns" tune. And "artificial rhonda" and "brown Moses"